Rhys Thom
Rhys Thom is an Organizational Designer and Senior Design Lead at IDEO, focused on helping clients and their companies develop and grow their own innovation capabilities. Rhys partners with leaders, organizations, NGOs, cities, and even countries to tackle complex challenges through design, spanning a wide range of topics from urban development, to healthcare, sustainability, and financial services. Together with his clients, Rhys designs the systems, tools, and behaviors that help organizations adapt and routinely innovate. During his time at IDEO, Rhys has co-led an innovation lab in Peru designing solutions for the country's emerging middle class, helped to design a scalable disaster response network that connects and mobilizes veterans across continents, and guided leaders of global companies on their journeys to build design and purpose-led organizations.
Prior to IDEO, he spent seven years at the World Resources Institute (WRI), a global sustainability think tank in Washington, D.C. There, Rhys was the Director of Information and Innovation for EMBARQ, the organization's center for sustainable transport and urban development. He helped to establish and grow EMBARQ's global network of organizations, working with cities and national governments around the world to design sustainable solutions for urban mobility. He also helped cultivate innovative partnerships with organizations like FedEx, Volkswagen, Caterpillar, Bloomberg Philanthropies, and Forum for the Future. Rhys served as the founding editor of TheCityFix, a website dedicated to sustainable urban design and transportation that was named one of the top 50 eco-blogs in the world by The Guardian.
Before WRI, Rhys led his own design firm and various economic and sustainable development initiatives around the globe. He holds a degree in Sociology from U.C. Santa Cruz and sits on the board of the university's Everett Program. With a deep appreciation for exploring new and different cultures, Rhys has worked, traveled, and lived in over 40 countries. He lives in Oakland, California where he gets daily lessons on creativity and curiosity from his two daughters.