Fred Dust
ABOUT
Fred Dust works with leaders and change agents to unlock the creative potential of business, government, educational, and philanthropic organizations. A partner at IDEO, the acclaimed international design firm, and a senior leader of IDEO's New York office, Fred is a leading voice and practitioner of human-centered design and networked innovation.
Fred works with organizations confronting significant disruption stemming from shifts in consumer behavior and social trends, new technology, and regulatory and economic pressures. In the financial sector, Fred has guided leading banks and insurance providers as well as government institutions such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the US Agency for International Development, the US Office of Personnel Management, and the US Social Security Administration, establishing citizen­-centered strategies and structures to implement them. In the media sector, he has helped NBC from the network to the program level such as redesigning the TODAY show's audience experience on Rockefeller Plaza. He advises a range of new and old media companies, public and private, on confronting massive shifts in the competitive landscape. During his tenure, Fred has also taken Nike executives shopping, helped to guide the realization of a future-focused education center at Stanford University, and collaborated with patients and staff to build innovative service models for the Mayo Clinic and Kaiser Permanente. As a board member and senior advisor, he collaborates closely with non-­profit and philanthropic foundations such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, the Knight Foundation, the MacArthur Foundation, and Bloomberg Philanthropies to create new frameworks for engaging with stakeholders to improve the impact of their programs.
Fred is a frequently requested speaker, advisor, and lecturer. He currently serves on IDEO.org's Board of Directors, the Board of Directors at The New School, the Board of Governors at Parsons, and the Board of Directors at Community Solutions. He lectures widely on various topics, including design methodology, future trends, and social innovation. He holds numerous guest professor positions, and has taught classes at California College of the Arts and at the University of California, Berkeley School of Environmental Design.
Fred's writing, published by various journals, appears in several books: Extra Spatial (Chronicle Books, 2003) discusses the design of spaces, and Eyes Open: New York and Eyes Open: London (Chronicle Books, 2008) are city guides that view exceptional experiences through an urban lens.
Fred holds a bachelor's degree in art history from Reed College and a master's in architecture from the School of Environmental Design at UC Berkeley.
Prior to joining IDEO, Fred was a project architect at Fernau & Hartman, where he worked on retail and corporate projects, such as the Smith & Hawken headquarters and retail prototype and Oxygen Media. He also spent eight years working in the art world with major organizations (Hotwire Productions, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Galeria de la Raza, and others) and independent artists, supervising the development of interactive art installations and assisting in the production of film video projects.
SPEAKING HIGHLIGHTS
November 2014, “Make and Break: Design Your Future” Public Radio Super Regional Meeting, Las Vegas, Nevada
July 2014, “Creative America: Who We Need To Be In 2024,” Aspen Ideas Festival, Aspen, Colorado
May 2014, “Keynote: Get Good At Doing Good" Creative Week, New York, New York
January 2014, “Keynote: Designing Our Own Future” The Vision Council Executive Summit, Miami, Florida
July 2013, “Can Artists Make the World a Better Place?,” Aspen Ideas Festival, Aspen, Colorado June 2013, “Neighborhoodism” CityAge: The Global Metropolis, New York, New York
May 2013, “Business By Design” C2MTL, Montreal, Canada
February 2013, “Plenary Session: Re­thinking community information approaches: designing for impact” Knight Foundation's Media Learning Seminar, Miami, Florida
July 2012, "New Thinking in Collaboration"; Symi Symposium, Samos Island, Greece
July 2012, "Crafting Successful Collaborations," Aspen Institute Business & Society Leaders Forum, Aspen, CO
June 2012, "Unlocking the Potential of Innovation Networks," Venture for America'sVenture Fellow Institute, Providence, RI
April 2011, “Designed to Scale,” AIGA Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA
July 2010, “Can We Rethink Consumer Behavior? Going Green in America,” Aspen Ideas Festival, Aspen, CO
April 2010, “Becoming and Thinking Like a Designer,” TEDx Berkeley, Berkeley, CA