Dominic Tan
Dominic is a Senior Design Lead at IDEO New York and his disciplines border between design research, brand and business design. He started at IDEO in 2011 in the Shanghai office.
Dominic is passionate about brand and consumer culture in the context of business strategy and has been mainly involved with 2 aspects of it. The first, marketplace strategy where it's about understanding what new value can be created for the consumer space, the channel strategy considerations, how does an organization need to evolve, and how to navigate the value delivery within the trade/customer space. The second, is building go-to-market impact that proves the value of strategy and design for clients and IDEO.
He has spent equal time between large established clients like VF corporation, The Coca-Cola Company, Nike; and new-to-market ventures and VC-backed start-ups. He has helped launch new consumer products like premium bottled water and high-tech apparel , prototyped live in-market retail stores and mobile application features, and launched a fast-casual farm-to- table restaurant/grocery venture.
Dominic has advisory roles in: A VC-backed mobile start-up, innovating in the location-based social network space . A PE firm who invests in and reinvent branded-business in the consumer and lifestyle space. And a Chinese social enterprise that design educational toolkits for rural kids. Dominic has spoken at conferences for companies like Nike, The Coca-Cola Company and Fudan University and teaches at the Parsons School of Design.
Before IDEO, he played lead strategist roles at Wieden+ Kennedy, Shanghai on the Nike brand for China, and Proctor and Gamble for Asia. His last project was the award-winning 'Proud Sponsors of Moms' Olympics campaign which made his mom cry. His work in the advertising industry has been awarded at Cannes, The One Show and Effies.
Dominic has a Bachelor of Science in Finance and International Business from New York University's Stern School of Business.