Sally Madsen
Sally Madsen is a senior design lead in IDEO's Education studio, with a passion for creating social impact, at scale. She leads client relationships and projects through the design journey, from discussing big questions to designing innovative solutions.
As a human-centered system designer, Sally creates meaningful experiences for individuals within the context of the larger ecosystems that surround them. This requires understanding the diverse needs and constraints of system stakeholders, relationships between them, and levers for change - - to inspire multifaceted design solutions. Sally worked with Innova Schools in Peru to envision an affordable, scalable, and excellent school system for the emerging middle class. She led the creation of School Retool, a leadership program that helps school principals enact change within their schools, with the Stanford d.school. Her experience at IDEO also includes improving access to safe drinking water in India and Kenya with the Acumen Fund, reimagining the way NOAA manages fisheries data, and envisioning the future of large scale energy systems.
Sally has a passion for early childhood learning - - the foundation for all learning, and the area where major equity challenges can first be addressed. She's deep in the early learning world personally, through her own young kids and community.
Sally teaches at the Stanford d.school. She's a First Mover Fellow at the Aspen Institute Business & Society Program, a collaborator at IDEO.org, and advisory board member for the NPCA Center for Parks Management.
Before coming to IDEO, Sally founded Cosmos Ignite Innovations, a startup based in India that provides solar-powered lights as a replacement for kerosene. She holds BS and MS degrees from Stanford University in Mechanical Engineering.
Outside of work, Sally is an avid sailor, with a busy racing schedule in the San Francisco Bay; a crafty maker, lately fashioning toys and kids' clothes; and a globetrotter who travels with open eyes (and mouth) and a camera around her neck.