Prat Ganapathy
Prat Ganapathy is a Senior Design Lead at IDEO Palo Alto. He has led projects across IDEO's Palo Alto, Boston and Chicago studios where he's been part of projects that are technically complex as well as execution-focused. His IDEO portfolio includes work in the healthcare space as well as wearable technology. He loves the diverse field of product design that straddles industrial design, mechanical engineering and design research - the ability to work on every aspect of a challenge and then focus on the details truly fascinates him.
Prat's passion for the medical space has led to strong clients relationships with Medtronic, Abbott Vascular and Eli Lilly - he takes pride in stewarding products that go to market, with a few recent examples being the Mattel Viewmaster & Neurometrix Quell. One of his most complex projects was an organ transplant delivery system which kept the heart and lungs animated through the course of transit - the team improved the efficiency of sterility and compactness while extending the geographic range of potential donor locations. A project out of the Chicago studio dealt with space tracking and utilization for Steelcase while a recent project in the field dealt with HIV microbicide gel delivery in South Africa.
Before joining IDEO, Prat worked at Icarus and Design Continuum as a product designer. His projects included patient monitors for Criticare, medical and consumer products for Philips and GE, and a variety of hand-held drug administering devices.
Prat is a proud alum of Stanford's Joint Program in Design, where his final-year project was the award winning SparkTruck. While at Stanford he was also involved in teaching at the D.School, the product design program and the Art department. In addition to a Master's in product design from the National Institute of Design, he also has a computer science engineering degree from CMRIT.
Prat is a retired kick-boxer who now sticks to running and hiking through rain, snow, mud and shine. In his spare time he re-builds and restores abandoned bicycles.