Sean Seymour
My pre-history at IDEO prepared me for the multitasking and flexibility needed for the Campus. As a boy I started working in my father’s gas station pumping gas, my grandfather’s liquor store and then back with my dad refurbishing Antique Plumbing. During one summer we built a two-story home in Nevada City with reclaimed lumber from an old theatre. As I was finishing High School I started working for Narsai’s Restaurant in Kensington. Starting as a dishwasher and ending as a sous chef, many of my practices are based in this early learning. I also work with Robert Boyle owner of Rue De Main in Hayward and now teaching at CCA. My life took a different turn and I moved to Greece where I developed Airbrush and Silkscreen Printing Businesses for local tourist businesses and community - these skills were developed from classes taken at the Mission Cultural Center - MCCLA. Upon my return to the US, I developed a business relationship with MCCLA to establish a T-shirt printing department called Mission Grafica Textiles some of my roles included teaching as well as community production work . Given my construction background I also took on the role of facilities manager.
Later my direction leaned toward carpentry and I worked for Zocalo Imports which at that time was creating antique reproductions of Spanish pine furniture – and subsequently was instrumental in introducing the more ethnic and handmade furniture styling to the U.S. and world markets. After establishing a maintenance and repair crew here in the Bay Area, I was relocated to Mexico to work with factories directly on design and quality control. There I worked with six factories, which included metal, wood and ceramic fabrication. Devising and training workers on various fabrication techniques that would improve quality and durability. I then targeted property management and renovation, working with a top San Francisco real estate agent, Nina Hatvany. I managed three different buildings with a total of 60 units and was in charge of apartment remodeling and vendor coordination. After a short time working with a Bay Area contactor, I evolved into working with more finish woodwork with HOMEWORKS and KITCHENWORKS, re-facing and remodeling kitchens just prior to joining IDEO in 2004.v