Sandy Speicher
Sandy Speicher is a Partner at the global design and innovation firm IDEO. She is the Managing Director of IDEO's Education practice, which looks to people's unmet needs, desires, and aspirations to inspire new solutions for a wide variety of challenges - - from the ways that people are learning to the ways that systems are operating.
Working with organizations across the public, private, and social sectors, Sandy is constantly exploring ways that we can design more effective and inspiring systems. She and her teams have helped to create a scalable, affordable school model in Peru, strategies to improve schools for the poor in India, digital learning platforms that meet the needs of today's students, and a new vision for the food system in San Francisco's schools. Recently, she collaborated with Carnegie Corporation to launch 100k in 10, which President Clinton has referred to as a new model for social change.
She is passionate about design as a process to empower everyone - - including students, parents and teachers - - to improve the world around them. To this end, Sandy has partnered with Riverside School in India to create the Design for Change Contest, which engages students around the globe in creating new solutions for social challenges in their communities, and Design Thinking for Educators, a free downloadable toolkit that empowers teachers to be change agents in their schools.
Sandy serves as a strategic adviser to the K-12 Lab Network at the Stanford d.school, and recently taught a class at Stanford on the design of school models. She is on advisory boards of Khan Academy, 100k in 10, and Pioneer Academies in South Africa.
Prior to joining IDEO, Sandy taught visual communications at Washington University in St. Louis, and spent six years teaching design thinking to fifth-graders at a public school in San Francisco. She launched her design career at MetaDesign, where she developed visual brand and interactive systems.
Sandy holds an MA in Education from Stanford University and a BFA in Visual Communications from Washington University. She loves to travel and learn by immersing herself in other cultures. She also takes pride in her fairly robust, yet still enigmatic, collection of Mona Lisa kitsch.