Eileen Wu
Eileen is a Senior Design Researcher at IDEO, Shanghai. She has over eight years of experience in the field, and specializes in translating cultural insight into opportunities for new and meaningful products, services, and experiences for people. She has worked in the United States, China, Singapore, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
At IDEO, Eileen has led research to inspire new models for behavioral change, smarter products in Chinese homes, and customer engagement strategies for forward-thinking clients across a range of industries. Some of her clients include: Fotile Kitchen Ware, Wrangler, and Marriott.
Eileen believes that long-term viability is inextricably tied to a brand's ability to bring value to the societies they touch. In this context, a researcher's role is to shed light on deeply-held human desires and beliefs. Her research interests encompass Chinese attitudes toward food and beverage, leisure and play, education and health. She specializes in understanding global youth cultures from the mainstream to the marginal.
Prior to joining IDEO, Eileen worked in both the private and public sectors, using research and strategic communications to inform business decisions and to influence stakeholder opinions. Some of her clients at Jigsaw Communispace, a leading consumer insights research firm, included Unilever, GlaxoSmithKline, J.M. Smucker, and Mattel. While at UNICEF, she worked as a communications consultant where she focused on raising the level of public discourse around the global HIV and AIDS epidemic.
Eileen graduated from the New School for Social Research in New York, with a Master's degree in Sociology, and the University of California, Berkeley, with a Bachelor's degree in Political Economy. When she's not working, she can be found trying new foods and challenging her friends to a game of telephone-pictionary.
- - - 

吴明薇是IDEO上海办公室的一名资深设计调研专家，在调研领域拥有超过8年的工作经验。她擅长将文化洞察转化成各种机会点，用以启发新产品、服务和体验的开发，从而切实满足人们的真正需求。吴明薇曾在美国、中国、新加坡、印度尼西亚和菲律宾工作过。
在IDEO，吴明薇主要负责运用调研来促进人们转变行为，启发中国家居产品的开发，帮助各行各业的前瞻性客户制定顾客参与策略。合作过的部分客户包括：方太厨电、Wrangler和万豪集团。
吴明薇认为，是否能够实现长期的商业盈利，这与品牌能为所在市场和社区创造多大的价值密不可分。为此，调研者的角色就是要帮助显化人们深层面的需求和信念。吴明薇的调研兴趣领域包括中国消费者对食品、饮料、休闲娱乐、教育和健康的看法，同时她也善于洞悉全球各类主流或边缘的年轻文化。
在加入IDEO前，吴明薇先后在公共和企业组织工作过，她的主要职责是运用调研和战略沟通的方式，来启发商业决策，为利益相关方提出有效的咨询建议。在Jigsaw Communispace这家领先的消费者洞察调研公司工作期间，吴明薇曾与包括联合利华、葛兰素史克（GlaxoSmithKline）、J.M. Smucker、美泰儿（Mattel）在内的多家公司合作。此外，她还曾任联合国儿童基金会（UNICEF）的沟通顾问，帮助促进公众对全球艾滋病/病毒的关注和讨论。
吴明薇拥有纽约社会研究新学院的社会学硕士学位，以及加州大学伯克利分校的政治经济学本科学位。在业余时间里，她喜欢尝试各种新的食物，和朋友们玩传话猜谜游戏。