Eugene Lin
Eugene is co-Managing Director at IDEO, China. Based in Shanghai, he is responsible for building IDEO’s business—growing a preeminent, multidisciplinary team and nurturing a creative culture that helps companies scale through innovation. This begins with human-centered insights and ends with the design of new products, services, experiences, and business models.
He has advised global and local leaders on diverse challenges ranging from brand and product portfolio strategy to the design of new ventures. His clients include The North Face, Converse, Coca-Cola, Michelin Guide, Shinho, Yili, and COFCO. In addition to helping established companies, he mentors startup founders, helping them find product-market fit and understand the role of design. Most recently, he has been developing IDEO’s food portfolio in China, one that addresses pressing topics such as food safety, imagines new food experiences in the context of the country’s rich culinary heritage, and elevates innovation capabilities at food and beverage companies.
Prior to joining IDEO, Eugene spent several years in and around corporate boardrooms, beginning as an investment banker at Salomon Smith Barney in New York, executing mergers and acquisitions and financing transactions. Later, he joined McKinsey & Company where he worked with top management of companies across Asia on their strategic priorities, helping uncover new customers, markets, and business models to adapt to China.
Eugene’s love for China started while working in Beijing for Mercy Corps, a global humanitarian aid agency. Helping farmers in Guizhou and Fujian expand their operations through microfinance loans, he developed a keen sense of empathy for customers. He witnessed first-hand the importance of being in the field, discovering the real needs of farmers, and creating financial products that are meaningful to their daily life.
Eugene holds an MBA degree from Columbia University and a Bachelor’s degree from The University of Texas in Austin. In his spare time, he can be found designing toys and exploring the unknown—in other words, making cardboard cars and rockets for his son.