Amy Bonsall
Amy Bonsall is Senior Design Director at IDEO's Palo Alto studio. She helps clients and design teams approach innovation from a holistic, go-to-market perspective, using business design to bring new ventures successfully to market.
Amy also manages client relationships and oversees project content in diverse industries, from digital entrepreneurship to financial services to healthcare. Amy has worked across the globe, including leading venture and business design work for IDEO in the UK, Australia, and Singapore. She recently relocated back to the US from IDEO's Singapore office. Her recent clients include: Sensis (the Yellow Pages of Australia), DBS Bank Singapore, and global leaders in the creative, tech and agriculture worlds.
An avid supporter of digital fluency in the world of business, Amy coaches startups on using design to strengthen their ventures. She's a mentor to startups in the tech and wellness worlds, and has previously advised at accelerators in Singapore (muru-D) and Brazil (the former Papaya Ventures, now Gema Ventures). 
Prior to joining IDEO, Amy served as a strategy consultant for Marakon Associates in London and a digital designer for Hewlett-Packard in the Silicon Valley. She also worked as a product designer and marketeer in four technology startups in Silicon Valley and London. She essentially went from being in the trenches and making products to working with executives on the strategic direction for their companies - - and honed her keen business acumen and expertise along the way.
Amy earned an MBA from IMD in Switzerland and holds a master's degree in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of New Hampshire.
She loves learning about other cultures, and enjoyed the dynamism she experienced in her recent stint in Asia. In her efforts to embed herself in different environments, she's learned to speak French and Italian well and a multitude of other languages poorly. Now back in the US, she's excited about learning how American culture has evolved while she's been overseas. In business and in life, Amy believes that we learn from failure. Outside of the office, she's recently been applying this principle with regularity in the ocean, as she attempts to master the art of surfing.