Luca Ponticelli
Luca is a Communication Designer, Illustrator and Activist. 
After completing a Bachelor of Science in Psychology of Communication, his study focused on turning academic information complexity into aesthetically functional graphic forms. His early work ranges from satirical comic books to posters for political activists movements from Occupy to Greenpeace. In 2012 he graduates from MA Narrative Environments in Central Saint Martins - an experimental course injecting storytelling into spaces. Through City Branding and Placemaking projects between Asia and Europe, he deepened his interest in the urban realm as a contested space, which led him to develop an award-winning thesis bridging homelessness and art in East London. 
He briefly worked in Paris (PUIG) and Barcelona where he applied his raw and disobedient aesthetic taken from the language of political activism to the luxury industry. Conceiving and developing 'Storytelling kits' including copywriting, patterns, packaging and branding assets for brands such as Prada, Paco Rabanne and Gaultier. 
While running his own studio he focused on crafting stories and branding assets for small brands, helping them define their DNA through collaborative workshops including methods at the intersection between Design Thinking and the work of The Situationist International such as Dérive and Détournement. Clients included the fields of fragrances, architecture, digital and consumer products.
Since joining IDEO, Luca has worked on a range of projects including developing and illustrate emotional and functional use cases for products at the intersection of digital and physical. He joined design research session across projects in hospitality and fashion; and developed a holistic speculative design piece for the Design Museum on the future of aging.
His current side-gig is 'Gentrifiers' - a paper on the nuances of migrant communities in East London, a project where he hopes to experiment with design research and uncover new ways of delivering insights through a print and digital editorial product. On his mornings you will find him playing tennis at sunrise, humming to Tame Impala tunes and doodling you!