Jerome Goh
Jerome Goh is Senior Design Lead at IDEO. His role is to bring his experience and expertise to help clients innovate. He has led many client projects, including the design and development of consumer products, services, and branded experiential spaces. To embed new ways of thinking from these projects, Jerome works on design programs that help activate organizational change. His clients include: Scotiabank, Nike, Rentpath, Forest City; Jin Jiang Hotels; TCL; Fotile Kitchenware; 3M; Coca Cola; Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble; Marriott Hotels; Kerry Properties; Samsung; Singapore’s Prime Minister’s Office, Ministry of National Development and Ministry of Manpower.

Jerome joined IDEO San Francisco in 2000. Prior to moving to IDEO New York, he spent time building up IDEO Shanghai from 2008 to 2012. Before that, he was a leader of the space practice at IDEO San Francisco and Palo Alto. He has worked across the US on multiple large-scale projects with key clients. With over 15 year’s experience at IDEO, Jerome brings a wealth of design consulting knowledge and a deep understanding of IDEO's methodology. In his current role, he is responsible for ensuring the creative excellence of IDEO’s work and capabilities.

Jerome is interested in creating actionable strategies that are steeped in user insights, and will lead to implementable solutions that are both relevant and have positive business impact. He believes this is particularly important for both domestic enterprises and multinational companies operating in China, as the country transitions from its manufacturing heritage.

Jerome is a speaker and teacher on topics related to designing for impact; innovating by prototyping; customer experience creation; impact of good service design and more. He has spoken at the Design Thinking Symposium, Singapore and was published in the CEIBS Business Review. He has also been interviewed by the BBC World, Blue Lion Magazine and Youku. He is currently an Assistant Adjunct Professor at the School of Design Strategy and Management at The New School.

Jerome holds a Bachelors of Science with Honors in Industrial Design from Art Center College of Design, Pasadena, California.