Katie Alba
Katie is a Design Researcher at IDEO, having focused on human-centered innovation in the USA, UK, China, Singapore, South Africa, Ethiopia, Nigeria and Kenya throughout her career. Her work brings together a childlike curiosity to observe and experiment in field, a trained eye to uncover the less obvious, and an open heart with a passion to give voice to the unheard. All this to discover human insight and design solutions that help to improve people's lives.
Katie began her career at The Amy Biehl Foundation, a USAID funded NGO in South Africa. She led grassroots outreach and community development to co-design and implement educational programs for at-risk youth in urban townships. Katie returned to the US to develop brand strategy for the American Legacy Foundation's, Truth teen anti-smoking movement which has seen US teen smoking drop 50% in the past decade. Next, Katie focused on designing global brand strategies and digital product experiences at TBWA\Chiat\Day, Saatchi & Saatchi and AKQA for some of the world's biggest consumer-facing brands, including Nike, Visa, Autodesk, Ray-Ban, adidas, General Mills, Target and The Gap. Most recently, Katie led brand and product development for d.light, a social enterprise start-up born out of the Stanford d.school focused on developing affordable solar energy solutions for populations across Asia and Africa without reliable access to electricity. Since joining IDEO in 2013, she has designed and worked on engagements as varied as future home computing devices, new business offerings for the home improvement sector and the design of an innovative public school model serving low-income communities.
Katie grew up in sunny Hawaii before studying in the snow at Cornell University. Her academic focus was on the intersection of Cultural Anthropology and Business Management. When not at the studio or out in the field, Katie is teaching English to recently relocated refugee families, sewing something new with colorful textiles or practicing her novice birding skills in the woods.