Whitney Mortimer
Whitney Mortimer has led IDEO's marketing efforts since 1997. In that time, she has helped shape IDEO’s position as a thought leader in innovation and design in a dynamic global marketplace. As Partner and a member of the senior leadership team and finance committee, she leads key communications, diversity and strategy initiatives.
Prior to joining IDEO, Whitney was Senior Vice President at Supercuts Inc., which operates or franchises 1,200 hair salons in the U.S. and Europe. At Supercuts, she led the marketing, strategy, research, and new business development functions. She met IDEO when she hired the company to help develop a new hair-cutting technology and retail service for an innovative new affordable hair care concept salon.
Prior to Supercuts, Whitney held various positions in brand management and strategy with E & J Gallo Winery, Frito-Lay, and American Express. She taught MBA courses in competitive strategy and led seminars in service management for senior managers (titled “Achieving Breakthrough Service”). She earned an MBA with high honors from Harvard Business School and a BA in Russian civilization and French studies from Smith College. She is currently a fellow in the 2014 class of On The Board, a program sponsored by George Washington University and the International Women's Forum to cultivate a pipeline of senior executive women for public board positions.
Whitney is passionate about bringing design-led innovation to the domains of environmental preservation and education. She is a trustee for the Sonoma Academy, an independent high school based in Santa Rosa, California, and is a board member for IDEO.org, a non-profit organization focused on cultivating and spreading design-centered solutions for poverty alleviation. She is a member of the Advisory Board for the Institute at the Golden Gate, part of the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy and an active docent with several environmental programs in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Whitney is a lapsed pilot, an avid birder, and a recovering wine snob.