Jason Rissman
As Managing Director, Jason leads the OpenIDEO team in expanding the impact of IDEO's Design Thinking methodology by allowing people everywhere to collaborate on pressing global issues. OpenIDEO is an open innovation platform and community that hosts sponsored challenges on topics ranging from Ebola and renewable energy, to early childhood development and youth employment. Based on IDEO's design process, OpenIDEO enables a human-centered, collaborative and iterative approach to unleash the innovative potential of diverse teams.
Jason also helps lead the Amplify program, a collaboration with IDEO.org sponsored by the UK's Department for International Development. Amplify is a series of 10 open innovation challenges that aim to reshape international aid through human-centered design.
Prior to his role at IDEO, Jason helped Google.org launch and grow projects that utilized technology for social impact across a broad range of issues, including: civic engagement, response to natural disasters, protection of endangered languages, expansion of Internet access, combating illicit networks, and supporting free expression. These diverse projects shared the ambitious aim to catalyze innovative solutions with global reach and transformative potential. Before his work with Google.org, Jason helped Google develop its mobile advertising business.
Jason is passionate about social innovation, collaboration, early-stage ventures and the potential to recruit new ideas and talent to tackle long-term challenges. His optimism is fueled by the inspiration of managing and advising startups, producing theatrical productions, working with micro-entrepreneurs in Nicaragua, and long ago running his own hotdog stand.
Jason received his MBA from the New York University's Stern School of Business where he won a $100,000 competition, and a BA from Cornell, where he was the Harrop and Ruth Freeman Prize Winner for Peace Studies. He also won a Pilsner Urqell - sponsored trip to Prague, which he regrets not taking.