Matteo Signorini
(Updated May 2014)
As an engineer and project lead with IDEO’s Munich studio, Matteo works with clients and design teams to create effective and innovative products and services, and bring them successfully to market. In a constantly iterative process, he directs the entire design process, from drawing up the business plan, to creating and learning from prototypes, to synthesizing hardware and software, and final implementation. His motivating query: what is the future of…? Matteo works with clients across industries, including automotive experiences, financial services and social impact projects.
He recently spent a year working for IDEO.org, splitting his time there between San Francisco and various locations in Africa.
Prior to IDEO, Matteo worked in the corporate technology group at Siemens. He studied engineering at the Politecnico di Milano and industrial design at the Royal College of Art in London. Matteo’s design work has won several awards and appeared in many publications and exhibitions, most recently in the 2011 Museum of Modern Art’s Talk to Me exhibition.
Outside of work, Matteo loves being outdoors, and is likely to be on the slopes in winter or out sailing in the summer time.
* OLD VERSIONS*

(Updated 2012)
Matteo is a senior engineer and project lead at IDEO’s Munich office.

In his role as project leader, he helps clients and design teams to navigate the complexity of innovation projects and create compelling physical and digital user experiences.
Since joining IDEO in 2006, Matteo has worked on a variety of design challenges, ranging from creating the future of ATMs, to increasing the patient adherence to an injection therapy, through designing a signature EV driving experience. He is experienced in the design process from user observation to early phase strategy, from concept development through prototyping and engineering.

He led project teams in a wide range of B2C and B2B industries, including automotive, financial services, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, sanitation, education, food and beverages.
During his time in the IDEO San Francisco office, Matteo joined the IDEO.org team to apply the design thinking approach to poverty related challenges in developing countries.
Before joining IDEO, Matteo worked as an innovation consultant at Siemens Corporate Technology. While there he contributed and led several innovation projects for different product and service divisions within Siemens in the transportation, automation, energy, industrial services and household appliance industries.
Matteo completed his studies in management and production engineering at the Polytechnic of Milan and worked as researcher at Wayne State University in Detroit (MI) in the field of Concurrent Engineering. He received his MA in

Industrial Design Engineering from the Royal College of Art in London. His design projects have been awarded and featured in several exhibitions and publications. The user interface of one of his projects has been displayed in the New York MoMA “Talk to me” exhibition (2011).