Arlin Tao
Arlin is Business Operations Director at IDEO, China, where she is responsible for empowering the business to more effectively channel its abilities and energy to create positive impact on people's lives. Specifically she oversees the Shanghai studio's finance, legal, technology, talent, and overall experience.
With a background in business and brand design from Fortune 500 companies, Arlin also coaches client projects that require a holistic design approach that unlocks new growth opportunities. Sitting at the intersection of design and commerce, Arlin is passionate about finding new ways to builds business systems that fuel purposeful organizations. Some of her previous clients included Johnson & Johnson, Nike, Fotile Kitchenware and Shinho.
Prior to joining IDEO, Arlin was Director of Product Marketing at d.light, a leading social enterprise in the US, where she was instrumental in building from scratch its global product marketing capability in China, and leading the development of the world's first, most affordable solar lantern. This innovation broke the category cost barrier and enabled off-grid families in developing countries to enjoy up to 20% increase in disposable income, won 2 Spark Design Awards, and gained accolades from President Barack Obama at the 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Summit.
Arlin also has extensive experience in developing product innovations and building brands having worked at Newell Rubbermaid, World Kitchen, Procter & Gamble, and General Mills in the US. Some of the brands she has worked on included Pillsbury, Cascadian Farms Organic, and Pyrex.
A world citizen and an avid traveler, Arlin has lived and worked in North America, Asia, Europe and Africa, and travelled off the beaten path to 37 countries. She believes people have more in common than differences, and is passionate about bringing a global perspective while honing a laser focus on local solutions.
Arlin receives her MBA degree from the Wharton School and a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Northwestern University. She also holds a pastry certificate from Le Cordon Bleu in Paris. In her free time, Arlin can be found baking up a storm for her family, or playing silly games with her son.  
CHINESE VERSION:

陶艾琳（Arlin Tao）是IDEO中国区商业运营总监，负责主管IDEO上海办公室的财务、法务、技术、人事及办公室体验，从而更好地释放IDEO内部团队的创意潜力，促使他们更有效地为人们生活创造积极的影响。
陶艾琳拥有在财富世界500强公司丰富的商业及品牌设计经验，立足设计与商业的双重高度的她，热衷于寻找新的方式来构建商业系统，用以推动使命驱动型企业实现发展。她同时也会为客户项目提供内容指导，帮助他们揭示新的增长机会点。陶艾琳先前合作过的部分客户包括：强生、耐克、方太厨电和欣和。
加入IDEO前，陶艾琳曾就职于一家位于美国的领先的社会企业d.light（光悦科技），担任产品营销总监，帮助公司在中国从零开始培养全球产品营销能力，并主导开发了世界第一台最经济实惠的太阳能手提灯。这款创新产品成功消除了该品类对消费者的成本障碍，让发展中国家的缺电家庭实现了高达20%的可支配收入增长，并斩获两项星火国际设计奖（Spark Design Award），更在2015年全球创业峰会（Global Entrepreneurship Summit）上获奥巴马总统表彰。
此外，陶艾琳还拥有广泛的产品创新和品牌经营经验。她曾就职于Newell Rubbermaid、康宁餐具（World Kitchen）、宝洁、通用磨坊（美国）等公司，参与帮助打造的品牌包括Pillsbury、Cascadian Farms Organic 和 Pyrex。
陶艾琳游历世界各地，亲历不同文化，曾分别在北美、亚洲、欧洲和非洲生活及工作过，喜欢探寻地处偏远、人迹罕至的地方，足迹遍布37个国家。她相信，人与人之间虽异犹同、同大于异，这也是为什么她在开发一些针对当地市场的解决方案时，会始终带着全球化的视野来综合考量。
陶艾琳拥有沃顿商学院的MBA学位和美国西北大学经济学学士学位。此外，她还拥有巴黎蓝带厨艺学校授予的糕点制作证书。闲暇时间，陶艾琳喜欢给家人做好吃的烘焙点心，还有陪儿子玩游戏。