Ashley Holtgraver
Ashley Holtgraver is a Senior Designer and Creative Technologist at IDEO. She brings her twenty years of experience across the design and tech fields into every project at IDEO, from the details of prototypes and wireframing, to the big-picture thinking of a pilot rollout. Optimistic and detail-oriented, she is a maker and a problem solver who enjoys pushing ideas into digital reality throughout the entire design process.
Ashley's time at IDEO has been spent working across a multitude of clients and industries, from finance to high-tech to non-profit causes. She uses a deep and wide toolkit of technologies to fit the pragmatic needs of a project, from fully functional mobile test suites to data visualization installations, to even the occasional illustrations. Her most rewarding moments come when working on projects for under-designed-for individuals, whether helping employees of small businesses save for retirement, or creating new avenues for extra earnings for people living paycheck to paycheck.
Prior to IDEO, Ashley spent years in the trenches of digital advertising in New York City and Boston. As a senior developer for the Barbarian Group, she had the opportunity to build full-stack production software and web applications for clients like CNN, Wired, Kashi, and General Electric. Her years afterwards led her to building the frontend for the predescessor to Factiva for Dow Jones, as well as working for multiple high profile non-profit clients at Blue State Digital. But her favorite project prior to IDEO is probably still the night she stayed up until 3am with John Flansburgh creating a Flash music video for They Might Be Giants while at the Chopping Block over a decade ago.
Ashley holds a Bachelor of Science from Carnegie Mellon University in Computer Science with an Art minor. She grew up a gangly and quiet child in the suburbs of Pittsburgh. When she wasn't writing BASIC on her family's Apple IIE or taking apart VCRs, Ashley was playing piano, all of which later converged into an interest in synthesizers. She has been a member of the synthpop band Freezepop for seven years and counting, and spent several carefree years touring, playing the theremin and vocoder, and sampling various convenience store foods. She now lives in Somerville with her husband, dog, and Prophet 8. Her PB for 2017 was contributing music and riffs to the new Mystery Science Theater 3000.