Caricia Catalani
General Bio
Dr. Caricia Catalani is a designer and research scientist, focusing on impactful and beautiful ways to improve health and human rights around the world. 
She has led teams of problem-solvers in 28 countries, using human-centered design, data science, and digital magic. [NOTE: keep what's relevant to this pitch and erase the rest!] She has helped create a biomedical innovation lab, a better immigrant patient experience in Brooklyn hospitals, a city development plan in New Orleans after Katrina, a union for sex workers in the Dominican Republic, social media tools for teen pregnancy prevention, a digital service for comprehensive tuberculosis care across Kenya, a service that helps singles find love, a girl-led documentary film organization, a breastfeeding support service for low-income moms in the Bronx, a branding and communications campaign for birth centers across the USA, a health data exchange to help doctors to provide better care to mothers living with HIV in Rwanda, an digital health innovation lab in Cambodia, a new voting experience for Los Angeles' county's diverse voters, an international epidemic response system, an app to help new cyclists manage urban San Francisco, a concierge clinic for low-resource people suffering from multiple chronic conditions in the rural USA, and more.
She earned her doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley, post-doctorate at the National Institutes of Health, and masters from Columbia University. She is faculty at the University of California, Berkeley. She has authored a dozen scientific articles about design and innovation in health, but prefers spending time with a good bowl of ramen, checking out comedy improv, and fairy hunting with her two little girls.
Sexual Health Project Bio (For projects focused on HIV, sex, teen pregnancy prevention, sex education, etc)
Dr. Caricia Catalani is a designer and research scientist, focusing on human-centered design for sexual health. During the past 15 years, she has led teams of sexual health experts, physicians, advocates, and designers in 28 countries. Projects include designing an HIV biomedical innovation lab, a union for sex workers in the Dominican Republic, social media tools for teen pregnancy prevention, a nationwide digital health system for to prevent the mother-to-child transmission of HIV in Rwanda, a personal development service that helps singles find love, a girl-led documentary film organization, a branding and communications campaign for reproductive health centers across the USA, an global HIV epidemic response system, and more.
She earned her doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley in innovations for sexual and reproductive health, post-doctorate at the National Institutes of Health, and masters in maternal, child, and reproductive health from Columbia University. She is faculty at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Public Health. She has authored a dozen scientific articles about design and innovation in health, but prefers spending time with a good bowl of ramen, checking out comedy improv, and fairy hunting with her two little girls.