Bruce MacGregor
Bruce MacGregor is an IDEO partner leading the Health Portfolio in the Palo Alto studio. In his 21 years with IDEO, Bruce has worked in North America, Europe, and Asia. His portfolio of clients spans the public and private sectors, consumer and business-to-business industries, established corporations and ambitious start-ups.
Some of Bruce's clients are Nestlé, PepsiCo, Toyota, Nissan, DARPA, UCLA, Covidien, Stryker, Smith & Nephew, Whirlpool, Shimano, Huawei, Samsung, HCL, Acer, GE Money, BBVA, Tata Group, and Steelcase. In the public sector, he has worked with Singapore's Ministry of Manpower and the Innovation Network Corporation of Japan (INCJ). Bruce has also worked with a number of Silicon Valley-based start-ups on new products including portable fuel cells, bioreactors for tissue growth, voice recognition software, and digital gaming.
Bruce is passionate about innovation as a primary enabler for positive change in the world and a catalyst to long-term sustainable business growth. The substantial change occurring in the Health industry creates big opportunities for positive change for Payers and Providers networks as well as in Consumer Health organizations and the application new technologies to health care.  In this context, Bruce works collaboratively with clients to take advantage of new opportunities, overcome challenges, develop the best solutions, and grow innovation capabilities that will drive business growth.
Bruce is a sought-after speaker and is regularly invited to share his expertise, insights, and points of view at events on topics relating to innovation, design thinking, and business growth. He has spoken at the GE Mid-Market Conference, the Sustainable Brands Conference, and in-company events at Walmart, Carrefour, Nestlé, Huawei, and HCL. He has also given lectures at renowned academic institutions including Stanford University and IMD Business School.
Bruce's background is a blend of engineering, strategy, concept development, and execution. Prior to joining IDEO, he spent eight years leading an international service franchise organization.
A Canadian by birth, Bruce holds degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Alberta and in product design from Stanford University. He balances his work life by lecturing at Stanford and spending time with his family traveling, skiing, mountain biking, and scuba diving.