Chris Domina
As a partner at IDEO, Chris is a senior member of the global brand team. He leads a Bay Area group that focuses on designing brand-driven experiences that create business growth and impact.
Since joining IDEO in 2001, Chris has been leading work that unites clear brand vision with actionable design strategy for implementation. He guides how offer, communication, service, and space integrate to resonate with companies and their consumers. Chris has worked with a diverse range of clients including Nike, Citi Bank, Air New Zealand, Timberland, Procter and Gamble, Accenture, Snap-on, and the National Institutes of Health.
Most recently, Chris worked with eBay to improve their integrated marketing capabilities and to provide more relevant customer experiences. That entailed creating a digital ecosystem that integrated human-centered insights, customer stories, business opportunities, and big data for a deeper and more unified understanding of customers and their journey. This enabled the retailer to deliver on where to impact the business, when to engage the customers, how to meet their needs and why it matters to them.
Chris also led a team that helped define the brand vision and strategy for Steelcase, the global leader in the office furniture industry, creating an experiential event to share the message with its global senior management. Other projects have ranged from redefining the brand of a North American restaurant chain (including a redesign of its flagship store), leading a business-to-business service provider into the competitive consumer electronics market, and identifying new opportunities and concepts for packaged goods, food, and beverage products.
He is on the Board of Directors for Project Color Corps, a non-profit that believes in the power of color as a change agent to infuse a sense of wellbeing and energy into urban neighborhoods and schools nationwide.
Prior to joining IDEO, Chris was the Director of Design and a member of the executive management team at Metro, a furniture manufacturer and subsidiary of Steelcase. He was responsible for overall strategy, design direction, and new product development for which he was awarded numerous patents.
Though he’s spent the last 25 years in California, Chris remains a Mid-Westerner at heart.