
Mitch Sinclair
DISCIPLINE
Interaction Design
LOCATION
Cambridge
EMAIL ADDRESS
msinclair@ideo.com
HIRED ON
November 12, 2012
EMPLOYEE TYPE
Full Time Employee

MITCH'S BIOGRAPHY
Mitch Sinclair, Design Director, is most often found curiously buzzing around the studio in a vintage hat, dropping some offbeat inspiration for digital or brand design, pushing teams to deeply integrate more emotion and bravery into their concepts, and quoting some behavioral psychology or sociology study - all with a fat French bulldog snorting by her side. Her latest obsession: Building out IDEO+, an inner circle of external creative collaborators that join IDEO on a flexible basis, ranging from experimental artists to AI gurus.

_
(longer bio if needed)

Mitch is a Design Director at the IDEO Cambridge studio, where she works with teams to bring to life the emotional core and psychological underpinnings of our designs. At the heart of her craft is the ability to concept and design cross-platform experiences that drive behavioral impact.  With a background in cognitive and behavioral psychology and sociology, her passions are grounded in Social Dynamics, Artificial Intelligence, and design for the subconscious and conscious mind.

During her time at IDEO, Mitch has led projects as varied as redesigning the digital citizenship and immigration experience for the U.S. Government, crafting behavior change initiatives for large players in the healthcare industry, and designing new brand and customer experience strategies for companies in consumer goods, financial services, fashion, entertainment, and education.

Before joining IDEO, Mitch was the Creative Director and a Partner at the digital agency Hunt&Gather, leading the design of digital and physical experiences for brands like MTV, Puma, Bravo, ESPN, Harvard, Keds, Scholastic, and Nickelodeon.

No matter the topic, she approaches projects from a behavioral and motivational model, building on human-centered design insights to transform experiences into something intensely personal, visually iconic, and rich with emotion.

WHAT YOU WON'T LEARN FROM MY BIO:
Spent time as a photojournalist in Tokyo. Pulled a designer cliché by getting a French Bulldog. Lived with tribal shaman in the Amazon. Could happily eat only Indian food every day. Swiss design junkie, video game nerd, vintage hat addict, lover of ellipsis...
